02 Jan 2013

have achieved a decent intermediate product

need to work on spit and polish at some point. I think there should be
a top bar on most pages that shows the current patient under
consideration and permits searching for a new patient and such
(similar to the bar on top of pt.html).

there is currently minimal styling being employed; a designer should
go over the pages and apply a bit more, tastefully, so things look
pretty.

next steps are visual appointment display.

then insurance processing.

need a fee schedule and use that to preload tx plan items.

a way to edit treatment items (especially to change fee).

consider adding to tx fields for allowable, insurance payment, patient
payment ...

want to update name handling: no reason to have separate
first/middle/last name fields, should have a single name
field. searching will split whatever is typed in on spaces and search
for 'name LIKE %frag1% AND name LIKE %frag2%'. this will let us handle
whatever names and initials people throw at us, and include "goes by"
names handily.

easily-edited notes field in the patient record, to allow things that
are currently handled with flash alerts.

easily-edited notes field for appointments to communicate
appointment-specific information between team members. a way to edit
appointments period (fixing time/date and confirmation status, for
example).

review the database schema considering indexes.


26 Dec 2012

in order to efficiently generate the journal display, each entry has a
summary recorded in the main "journal" table. then details can be
generated (when requested or needed, e.g. for "detailed" views or
printed reports) with another request to the appropriate table(s) for
additional information.

for simple entries of course all the information can be in the summary
(e.g. phone numbers, e-mails, addresses).

adding a new patient is the same as editing a patient with nil as the
id.


23 Dec 2012

we only need to keep track of two basic things; patients and journals

a patient has a name, a responsible party, and a journal

a journal has all the information about a patient in dated entries

* personal (unlikely to change, favored contact method, SSN etc, can
  be created by patient)

* healthist (questionaire, can be created by patient)

* address

* phone

* email

* appointment (date, time, length, procedures, charge (calculated from
  fees?))

* txplan (list of procedures)

* insplan (company, contact information, free text "gotchas", anything
  else useful?)

* claim (insplan, appointment)

* payment (from patient or insurance, amount, refs to procedures?)

* progress (description of appointment, procedures, prognosis, etc)

* contact (record of a phone call or email exchange or etc)

* doc (scanned piece of paper)
